This lab was an excellent successor to the ArrayQueue lab.  The methods and operations were similar enough that applying them to a linked list was not all that difficult.  This is a great way to introduce and compare linked lists to arrays.  I can imagine this lab would be slightly challenging and time consuming if a student hadn't worked with linked lists before.  This lab was easy for me, since it was almost the same as the previous, so I do not have many comments.

Questions: I have a good understanding of basic linked lists, so no quesitons for this lab.

Suggestions:  I suggest adding more questions to the lab.  The one asking which operations an array could perform faster is crutial in understanding arrays vs. linked lists, I just think there should be more like that.  Maybe ask students to compare the runtime for each of the methods in an array vs. linked list.  This would help highlight their similarities, and differences.  Also, some questions about where these data structures perform best would help students understand how we deal with processing big data.  I feel like this is one of the key concepts of the class, and more quesitons like this would help students understand the purpose for learning these structures.

I spent around 4 hours on this assignment, this was the easiest lab for me so far.  Around 3 of those hours were spent programming and testing.  I can imagine this lab would take students around 6-8 hours to complete if they are unfamilliar with linked lists.  The transition from the array lab to this one was easy enough, it just might take extra time to figure out the linked list operations for some.